this is a time of abstinence reflection
above all a time of sincere penitence
once upon a time there was a town that
had grown cold from tradition until a
woman came along Helen we hear about the
patisserie we'd like to read it and the
apartment above and found a way to warm
it up
I heard she was some kind of radical I
heard she's a nice yes what's that
don't know opening a Chocolat are you
just in time for Lent
oh yes it does seem inappropriate chili
pepper and hot chocolate it'll give you
a lift
tastes like something I had when I was a
girl for your husband cocoa nibs from
Guatemala to awaken the passions you've
obviously never met my husband you've
obviously never tried these
you have more of those being fingers
how many do you want how many have you
got should probably warn you you make
friends with us and academies of olives
pedo promise she's laughing at us
laughing at our traditions what are you
gonna do something about it way to give
it down go with these narrow-minded
villagers think we can force them to
understand they are not welcome would
you like to come in for some chocolates
what about boycotting morality what if
I'm from the Academy award-nominated
director of The Cider House Rules around
some Jean get that squeak out your door
so sinfully delicious comic favor
if I were 20 years younger your virtue
would be in deja
Academy Award winner Juliette Binoche
Academy Award winner Judi Dench Alfred
Molina Academy Award nominee Lena Olin
and Johnny Depp Chocolat this holiday
season
one taste is all it takes
you